Add a new /thank-you page to the Perfect Parking website. This page should appear after a user successfully submits the contact/estimate form at /contact. The form's submit handler should redirect to /thank-you upon successful submission.

Page Requirements

Route: /thank-you

Page Title: "You're In — Perfect Parking"

Design: Match the existing site exactly — same nav, same footer, same color scheme (navy #1B2B4B, gold/yellow #F5C518, white #FFFFFF). No new fonts or styles.




Page Content (copy exactly)

Hero Section — centered, navy background:

Headline (large, white):


You're on our radar.

Subheadline (gold):


We'll be in touch within 24 hours.

Body text (white, smaller):


Cooper and the Perfect Parking team will review your property, run the numbers on your revenue potential, and reach out to schedule a quick call. No pressure, no commitment — just real numbers.




"What Happens Next" Section — white background, 3 steps horizontal layout:

Step 1 — Icon: magnifying glass or satellite


We review your property
We pull up your lot via satellite map and assess size, location, and traffic patterns.

Step 2 — Icon: chart/graph


We run your revenue projection
Based on comparable lots in your market, we calculate your realistic monthly earning potential.

Step 3 — Icon: phone/calendar


We schedule a quick call
Cooper will reach out within 24 hours to walk you through the numbers. 15 minutes, no sales pressure.




CTA Section — navy background:

Headline (white):


While you wait — see what other property owners are earning.

Button (gold, links to /case-studies):


View Case Studies

Secondary link (white, smaller, links to /):


← Back to Home




Form Redirect Logic

In the existing contact form component at /contact, update the form submission handler so that on a successful API response, it calls:

JavaScript


window.location.href = '/thank-you';



or if using React Router / Wouter:

JavaScript


router.push('/thank-you');



This replaces any existing success toast or inline message. The redirect should only fire on confirmed success — not on error.




Google Ads Conversion Tracking

In the <head> section of the thank-you page, add this placeholder comment so we can insert the Google Ads conversion snippet later:

HTML


<!-- GOOGLE ADS CONVERSION TRACKING — INSERT SNIPPET HERE -->






Notes

•
Keep the existing nav and footer identical to all other pages

•
The page should be mobile-responsive — stack the 3 steps vertically on mobile

•
No new dependencies needed

•
Do not change anything on the /contact page except the form submit redirect




FOR GOOGLE ADS — CONVERSION TRACKING SETUP

Once the thank-you page is live, go back to Google Ads and:

1.
On the "Choose your goal" screen → select "Submit lead form"

2.
On the tracking method screen → select "Enter the URL someone reaches after they successfully fill out a form"

3.
Enter: https://perfectparking.com/thank-you

4.
Match type: "URL contains" → enter /thank-you

5.
Conversion name: PP Lead Form Submission

6.
Value: Leave blank (or enter $50 as a placeholder lead value — helps Google optimize )

7.
Count: "One" (count one conversion per form submission, not per visit)

8.
Click-through conversion window: 30 days

9.
View-through conversion window: 1 day

10.
Attribution model: Data-driven (if available) or Last click

11.
Save and continue

Google will verify the tag is firing within 24–48 hours of the first form submission that lands on the thank-you page.

